feat(metrics/family): 🍫 add `Family::get_or_create_owned()` (#244)
prometheus/client_rust: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.23.2]

### Added

- `Family::get_or_create_clone` can access a metric in a labeled family. This

>    method avoids the risk of runtime deadlocks at the expense of incrementing
>    a reference count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   method avoids the risk of runtime deadlocks at the expense of creating an owned type.
```

Given that `M` is generic, calling `to_owned` on it might use some other synchronization mechanism than reference counting.

Author: this wording is addressed in 4c24551.

### Added

- `EncodeLabelSet` is now implemented for tuples `(A: EncodeLabelSet, B: EncodeLabelSet)`.
   See [PR 257].

> - `Family::get_or_create_clone` can access a metric in a labeled family. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Family::get_or_create_owned` can access a metric in a labeled family. This
```

   method avoids the risk of runtime deadlocks at the expense of creating an

>    owned type. See [PR 244].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   owned type. See [PR 244].
 
 [PR 244]: https://github.com/prometheus/client_rust/pull/244
```

### Added

- `EncodeLabelSet` is now implemented for tuples `(A: EncodeLabelSet, B: EncodeLabelSet)`.
   See [PR 257].

- `Family::get_or_create_owned` can access a metric in a labeled family. This
   method avoids the risk of runtime deadlocks at the expense of creating an
   owned type. See [PR 244].
 

>  [PR 244]: https://github.com/prometheus/client_rust/pull/244

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PR 244]: https://github.com/prometheus/client_rust/pull/244
[PR 257]: https://github.com/prometheus/client_rust/pull/257
```
